---
title: "Home"
permalink: /
layout: splash
hidden: true
header:
  image: /assets/images/background_wide.svg
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/PatrickTruebe.png
    alt: "Patrick Trübe"
    title: "Patrick Trübe"
    excerpt: Managing Director<br/><a class="btn" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/patrick-truebe/">Get to know Patrick →</a>
  - image_path: /assets/images/MarcosSampaio.jpg
    alt: "Marcos Perdigão"
    title: "Marcos Perdigão"
    excerpt: Director of Sales<br/><a class="btn" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/marcosperdigao/">Get to know Marcos →</a>
  - image_path: /assets/images/MaximWandrowski.png
    alt: "Maxim Wandrowski"
    title: "Maxim Wandrowski"
    excerpt: Director of Technology<br/><a class="btn" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-wandrowski/">Get to know Maxim →</a>
---

# Why We Exist

Gravity Link exists because we believe in an unwavering commitment to our
customers' success. As a small, agile company, we eliminate the common conflicts
of interest seen in larger firms that may prioritize their size or brand over
tangible results. Our focus is solely on the goals of our customers. Every
partnership we form is deeply rooted in mutual success, and our reputation is
built entirely on delivering results that matter, rather than expanding our
scale for its own sake. This customer-centric philosophy sets us apart and
drives every decision we make.

We founded Gravity Link to embody a unique culture that values radical ownership
and complete alignment with our customers. We don’t see ourselves as outside
consultants but as an extension of our customers’ teams. This collaborative
approach empowers our clients, ensuring they grow and thrive independently, not
out of reliance on us but through our shared successes. Our goal is to be
enablers, not gatekeepers, and we take pride in the fact that people work with
us not because they are obligated to, but because they genuinely value and enjoy
the partnership we bring.

[Let's Talk About Values](mailto:sales@gravity-link.com){: .btn .btn--primary}

# What We Do

At Gravity Link, we specialize in harnessing the power of data to drive
meaningful business transformation. As a certified Google Cloud partner, we
deliver comprehensive solutions that help organizations manage, analyze, and
leverage their data to gain actionable insights. Our expertise spans across Data
Lakes, Data Engineering, Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Business Intelligence
(BI), enabling companies to make data-driven decisions that fuel growth, enhance
efficiency, and foster innovation.

Whether it’s building a scalable data infrastructure, deploying advanced
analytics, or implementing AI-driven solutions, we tailor our services to meet
the unique needs of our clients. At Gravity Link, we don’t just handle data; we
unlock its full potential, helping you navigate change with confidence and
competence.

[Let's Talk About Our Craft](mailto:sales@gravity-link.com){: .btn .btn--primary}

# Who We Are

{% include feature_row %}

Our team at Gravity Link consists of ambitious entrepreneurs who sought more
than the constraints of generic consultancy. We needed to create something that
would continuously challenge ourselves and our clients, driving both to embrace
the best in class cloud technologies provided by Google. Gravity Link is our
brainchild, built to push the boundaries of what’s possible in cloud innovation
and to empower our customers to achieve breakthrough results. We thrive on
challenge, innovation, and the desire to consistently deliver high-impact
solutions.

[Let's Talk About You](mailto:sales@gravity-link.com){: .btn .btn--primary}
